---
---

## Opening

The regular meeting of the Artificial Intelligence Computer Science Club was called to order at 9:13 am on March 6, 2015 in B11, 1801 Panorama Dr, Bakersfield, CA 93305 by Chad Hidalgo.

### Present

 * Chad Hidalgo
 * Patrick Hawks
 * Brenda Corral
 * Edgar Orozco
 * Kozmik Moore
 * Her Johnson
 * Vananh Vo
 * Gerardo Martinez
 * Edgar Silva
 * Bryson Zuspan

### Approval of Agenda

The agenda was unanimously approved as distributed.

### Approval of Minutes

The minutes of the previous meeting were unanimously approved as distributed.

### Open Issues

 * Discussed the progress of the flyers for Garden Fest. Vannah and Gerando commented that the flyers were completed.
 * Update of the Marquee Project was given. Stewart Signs was consulted for the project. Discussed possibilities of how the club can fundraise


## New Business

 * Chad Hidalgo mentioned that as club President had put in a request for a grant of $200 to aid in purchasing club T-shirts.
 * Pat Hawks gave a report on the information provided at the last ICC Meeting.
   - Spring Dance
   - Poster for each club with their mission statements
   - Bin for each clubs
   - Garden Fest
 * Talked about maybe putting an Event Committee together for events.
 * Vannah talked about a project proposed to her by her English professor. The project proposed is revamping the Habits of Mind app and make it more user-friendly. Club is to download the app and make noted on what could be improved. Develop a survey to hand out to students about what could be better with the app.
 * Flyer will be sent to Brenda Corral who will then get them approved by SGA and distributed.
 * Last meeting’s coding challenge submissions were reviewed on Github. Pat Hawks did a more in-depth review in club of his submissions written in Assembly Language and C++. Gerardo Martinez also gave an overview of his submission written as a Java program.

## Agenda for Next Meeting

 * Collect Annual Fees and issue receipts from those who have not already paid

## Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned at 10:57 AM by Chad Hidalgo. The next general meeting will be at 9:00 AM on April 3, 2015, in B11.

Minutes submitted by: Brenda Corral

Approved by: Chad Hidalgo
