1.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER
    * 1:05 PM

2.	ROLL CALL
    * 14/18 paid members present

3.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA
   * Agenda adopted without amendment

4.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES

    1.	This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 9/2/2016.
        - Richard Adams noted items out of order, but proposed no change.
        - Minutes adopted without amendment.

5.	PUBLIC COMMENT
    * Please add fund raising idea discussion to next agenda.
    * Add Wufoo discussion onto next agenda.

6.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS

    1.	Chair, President, Vananh Vo
        - Head count for code camp
        - Count for t-shirts

    2.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
        - Report given by Chad Hidalgo attending in Alec’ stead.
        - ICC moved to 2nd and 4th Fridays
        - Optional meeting on Thursdays RE Halloween Ball
        - Grant proposals added to StudOrgs agenda for next ICC on 9/23/2016

    3.	Treasurer, Sarena Cerda
        - Report given by Diego Diaz in Sarena’s stead
        - Demonstrated changes made to Treasurer’s Report

    4.	Advisor, Harold Mendoza and/or Richard Miles
        - Professor Miles absent by previous arrangement
        - Professor Mendoza not in attendance
        - Professor Rangel opened the room and remained in attendance

7.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS

    1.	Ordering club shirts
        1.	Take orders for new members
            - Send email asking for shirt sizes
        2.	ACTION: Vote for board members and advisors to have Polo Shirts
            - One opposed, discussion opened
            - suggest modification as many expressed desire for Polos
            - Ryan Wallace offered to front 50% of Polo cost.
            - Deferred to next agenda
            - [T-shirt design site](http://www.customink.com/lab)
            - [Polo design site](http://www.customink.com/categories/embroidered-polos/156/styles)
            - [logo design 1 download](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B39ozvkKKKxESDh5V3BiN3FlQTA/view?usp=sharing)
            - [logo design 2 download](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B39ozvkKKKxEUTVfWFFpNVVhRHM/view?usp=sharing)
    2.	SoCal Code Camp OFFICIAL Sign up
        1.	In order to proceed with planning and funding for this trip in November, sign-ups will be taken and closed.
            - Professor Rangel spoke briefly about the event
            - Andrea asked about food provision
            - Diego made some points about saving on grant availability for next semester
            - list of members expressing commitment was compiled by Diego Diaz
        2.	ACTION: Vote between travel on Friday with two night hotel stay, or travel on early Saturday morning   
        and one night hotel stay.
            - Committed to attending: 12
            - One night: 11
            - Two night:1
            - With a vote of 11 to 1, the membership is in favor of a one night hotel stay

8.	NEW BUSINESS

    1.	ACTION: 1st reading of written amendment to CSC Constitution submitted via email dated 9/12/2016 by Chad Hidalgo
    2.	ACTION: Vote to fast track amendment resolution
        - Objection noted from Diego Diaz to allow for more time to have text posted for review, objection sustained by membership
    3.	ACTION: 2nd reading and vote to amend Constitution
        - Push to next agenda due to objection of fast track.
    4.	Presentation from Eddie Rangel regarding using Xamarin to build cross platform mobile apps  
        - Recording/transcript to be made available
        - Diego talked about break out sessions and possibility of expanding to different rooms if we have more advisors available.
        - Github swag shared by Professor Rangel

9.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS
    * Diego working on guest speaker, more details to follow
    * Wufoo form advisement from Dr. Damania
    * Ryan Wallace suggested presentation regarding A+ certification for next agenda
    * Next meeting will be October 7th

10. ADJOURNMENT
    * Adjourned at 2:15
