Call Meeting to Order
	* Meeting Called to order at 1:07 PM
2. Roll Call 

3. Public Comment
	* No public comment offered

4. Individual Reports
	1. Chair, President, Vananh Vo
	1. Vice-President, Diego Diaz
		- Announcement about the library Hackathon at CSUB
	1. Treasurer, Sarena Cerda
		No Treasurer report available.
		* [Treasure Report](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sJV4oCbnSzftXGi_gWaNpjXHrzWlW2MLvBfCd8kbTWQ/edit?usp=sharing)
	1. Advisor, Harold Mendoza, Richard Miles, or Eddie Rangel
		* Guest speaker Troye Miles to come to Bakersfield to hold a Javascript meet up. 
			- Location or date has not been announced but to possibly take place at MESH or CSUB.
		* Western Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition
			- Hacking competition (much like capture the flag)
			- Too late for BC to compete this year, but may be possible to form a team next semester
			if it gains enough student interest.
			- [Link to their website](www.wrccdc.org)
		
5. Unfinished Business
	1. Fundraiser: 
		* November 19th and 20th - Baking and making posters
		* November 21st and 22nd - Selling goods
			- volunteers needed: Cashier and others to sell baked goods.
			- Need people to be present throughout the fundraiser.
		
	2. Club Polo shirt order:
		* Allocating $ for T-shirt needed:
		* Allocation of $446.82 from club account 2300.82 for the purchase of club polo shirts
		for all members of the computer science club in which have paid the price of $15 each.
		** vote taken and passed with unanimous vote. **
		
		* Extra Polo shirts will be for sell (first come first served).
	3. Nominate and Vote for Treasurer and Secretary:
		* Gabe and Brian nominated for Treasurer:
		* Alan Marin nominated for Secretary:
			- Gabe voted into the position of club Treasurer
			- Alan voted into the position of club Secretary

6. Break out session:
	* Guest speaker Professor Miles:
	
7. Comments and Announcements
	* More information about the Western Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition provided by Professor Rangel. 
	
8. New Business
	* All business not discussed during meeting was tabled until next meeting 12-02-16
	
9. Adjournment
	* Meeting adjourned at 3:00 PM
