1. Call Meeting to Order
	* Meeting Called to order at 1:11 PM
2. Roll Call
	* 12 paid members were present to hold a bonafide meeting. 

3. Public Comment
	* No public comment offered

4. Individual Reports
	
	1. Chair, President, Vananh Vo
		* Club polo shirts will not be in on time.
		* XXL polo shirts will cost an extra $3 for a total of $18
		* Polo shirts of any other size will cost $15
	1. ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
		* NO ICC Report
	1. Treasurer, Sarena Cerda
		* Haley Crews filled in for Sarena with the Treasurer report. 
		* The treasure report is not up to date as it didn't have
		the 10-25 and 10-27 fundraiser reported.
		* [Treasure Report](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sJV4oCbnSzftXGi_gWaNpjXHrzWlW2MLvBfCd8kbTWQ/edit?usp=sharing)

	1. Advisor, Harold Mendoza and/or Richard Miles
		* No Advisor Report
		
5. Unfinished Business

	1. Club Trip Discussion:
		* The costs of Hotel rooms and rental are more than the club funds could afford.
		* Concern were raised of not having enough money for the club to fundraise or 
		thrive for the next semester.
		* Proposed a few solutions to avoid this:
			1. Each member going on the trip could donate $10. 
			2. If two members volunteer driving their personal vehicle, the rental 
			wouldn't be needed, cutting the cost by nearly $400.
			3. Professor Rangel suggested cutting the hotel rooms and going 1 day would
			avoid all these issues.
		* Students agreed a one day visit and returning home the same day would be fine (not official yet)
			 
	2. Fundraiser Ideas continued:
		* It was noted that the club cannot sell what the cafeteria are selling.
		* Sugar free brownies.
		* Pokemon themed cookies.
		* raffle prizes(related to computer science) would be a neat addition during the bake sale.
		* Help is needed for the fundraisers.
			1. Making posters to advertise our funderaiser.
			2. Members Volunteer time to sell baked goods.
		* Ideas of talking to fast food chains were brought up as a good near future fundraiser.
		
6. Comments and Announcements
	* No comments.

7. Break out session:
	* Guest speaker Skylar Payne, BC Alumni, Former Google software engineer, current LinkedIn software engineer.

8. New Business
	* 3 new programming challenges have been put up for the club. 
		* [Coding Challenges:](https://github.com/AICSC/Coding-Challenges/blob/master/2016/11-04/Challenge.md)
	* Upcoming Electric Bookworm Hackathon at CSUB November 18.
		* [Hackathon information](https://www.facebook.com/events/1162885910437314/)

9. Adjournment
	* Meeting adjourned at 2:54
