[SPRING2017CALENDAR](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rA9dWxV0EfTw5nmmnQxV1iPBzoJ91hjVhNhvAv7QS8g/edit)

1. Call Meeting to Order
	* Meeting Called to order at 1:08 P.M.
2. Roll Call

3. Public Comment
	* No Public Comments
4. Individual Reports
	1. Chair, President, Vananh Vo
		* Presentation about New Officers/Elections
	1. Vice President, Diego Diaz
		* Announced that Meeting will not be held on Campus February 17th 2017, Will instead be held at MESH.
	1. ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
		* Soft Grant Announcement - We got it! :)
	1. Treasurer, Brian Sullivan
		* [Treasurer Report](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sJV4oCbnSzftXGi_gWaNpjXHrzWlW2MLvBfCd8kbTWQ/edit?usp=sharing)
	1. Advisor(s)
	
5. Unfinished Business
	* ISIT Commitee Student Representative
		- Gabe Fortier has been announced to be in the process of acquiring the position.

6. New Business
	* Fundraising
		- Chipotle Fundraiser will be held on March 3rd, 2017 Starting at 3 PM.
	* Discuss Web Development or App Development for Project #2
		- Discussed a push for web development project due to Professor Miles teaching an app development course, which may be of conflict of interest.
		- Officially decided to pursue Web Development/E-Portfolio for Project #2
		
	* ThinkTank Tuesday
		- Tuesday February 14th 2017 University of Pheonix Bakersfield Learning Center 4900 California Avenue Bakersfield, CA 93309
		- Hosted by KIT, TTT is a local tech community discussion meeting for professionals and students alike. Hope to see more students attend all meetings.
	* Matt Jimenez Presentation on FreeCodeCampxMESH Meetings
		- Slack Channel: Bakersfield-fcc.slack.com
		- Those interested may contact Matt Jimenez on Slack for more information.
		- [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.com/)
	 
7. Coding Challenge
	* Present new coding challenges
		[Coding Challenges](https://github.com/AICSC/Coding-Challenges)
	* Members who wish to work on a coding challenge may contact [Alan](mailto:alan.marin1996@email.bakersfieldcollege.edu) to get started.
	
8. Break-out Session
	* Gabe Fortier Quick Unity Presentation
		- Formed new Teams and each Team Leader talked briefly about their project.
	* David Lao Presentation
		- CANCELLED, unfortunately due to scheduling conflicts.
		
9. Comments and Announcements
	(The Chair shall recognize in turn members requesting the floor for a period not to exceed three minutes.)

10. Adjournment
	(Reminder, if you have any ideas or suggestions for the next meeting that were not mentioned today, you may email us at bccompscislub@gmail.com before Monday of the week of the next meeting)