---
date:   2015-01-16 15:07:00-0800
---

## Opening

The regular meeting of the Artificial Intelligence Computer Science Club was
called to order at 1:33 pm on 11/21/2014 in Burger King, Columbus St.,
Bakersfield, CA by Chad Hidalgo.

### Present

 * Chad Hidalgo
 * Patrick Hawks
 * Cesar Martinez
 * Diego Diaz
 * Peter Rodriguez
 * Edgar Orozco
 * Francisco Gallardo

### Approval of Agenda

The agenda was unanimously approved as distributed.

### Approval of Minutes

The minutes of the previous meeting were unanimously approved as distributed.

### Open Issues

As discussed previously, Patrick Hawks has started an interim web site for the
club using github. The Constitution has been posted and a link has been made
available on the Facebook Group page. The link is http://aicsc.github.io/ The
Facebook Group page has been changed to the category of “closed” which will
allow for BC students who use Facebook to find the group and see our activity.

Chad spoke about the status of the proposed design for a club t-shirt. We still
need to talk to Erin Miller regarding use of the Habits of Mind POSSIBLE
acronym. We also discussed revising the premade logo to incorporate the design
of the BC Renegades knight logo with a “computer head” and have zeros(0) and
ones(1) on the sword. Chad stated he has a friend who can draw and will ask him
to help us. We will likely need approval through SGA/Student Life to use the
logo with our custom changes.

## New Business

We were delayed in starting the meeting today because we could not gain entry
into B11 despite being on the Upcoming Events calendar on the BC Website. We
discussed needing to communicate with Dr. Damania and Professor Mendoza in order
to be sure we will be able to use the room as scheduled.

Annual dues were collected in preparation for eligibility to vote at the next
meeting. Those not present today or unable to pay today will have an opportunity
to pay prior to passing out ballots at the February 6th meeting.

We reminded Patrick to be prepared for his presentation on Github for the
February 6th meeting. Everyone is looking forward to this presentation. We
discussed having certificates of appreciation given to presenters so that they
can use them for their portfolio.

Chad Hidalgo announced his candidacy for President for the next year.
Patrick Hawks nominated Chad for President and Peter Rodriguez seconded
the motion. Chad accepts nomination and there were no further nominations for
President.

Patrick Hawks announced his candidacy for ICC Representative for the next year.
Chad Hidalgo nominated Patrick for ICC Representative and Francisco Gallardo
seconded the motion. Patrick accepts the nomination and there were no further
nominations for ICC Representative.

Motion from Diego Diaz to separate the position of Treasurer/Secretary was
seconded by Patrick Hawks and presented for vote. Ayes carry and we will have a
Treasurer and a Secretary for the next year.

Diego Diaz announced his candidacy for Treasurer for the next year.
Patrick Hawks nominated Diego for Treasurer and Peter Rodriguez seconded the
motion. Diego accepts the nomination and there were no further nominations for
Treasurer.

Diego Diaz nominated Francisco Gallardo for Secretary for the next year.
Patrick Hawks seconded the motion. Francisco accepts the nomination and there
were no further nominations for Secretary.

We are long passed the date requested by Director Autwell for assistance with
Welcome Week (January 20, 21, and 22). Chad Hidalgo will send an email on
Monday, January 19th to finalize the hours that members may be available to be
at the Welcome Week booth and communicate this with Director Autwell with
apologies for being so late.

Motion from Diego Diaz to purchase small bottles of water to pass out for good
will during Welcome Week. There was no second and the motion failed. Diego
volunteered to purchase them on his own and understands that the expenditure is
not authorized for reimbursement from club funds.

The request for assistance from Dr. Damania to direct attendants for the
symposium “Changing World of Learning with Web 2.0” was presented. We need 6
members to be available at 5:45 on February 4th. Patrick is unavailable. Chad
will be able to arrange his schedule. Chad will follow up during the first week
of the semester in order to communicate with Dr. Damania who will be available.
Those who are planning to attend need to have a BC shirt.

Chad Hidalgo presented a receipt for the purchase of a receipt book for club
use. Chad will be reimbursed from club funds for this purchase.

Motion from Chad Hidalgo to set a fundraising goal of $5000 to provide 10
scholarships (based on merit in a code/essay competition) in the amount of $500
each. Patrick Hawks seconded the motion and it was presented for a vote. Ayes
carry and we will organize fund raising events to meet this goal.

Cesar Martinez suggested shaved ice, calling it by a Spanish name for later in
the semester when the weather warms up. We discussed popcorn, cotton candy, a
car wash, and a “Mario Kart” tournament.

We discussed ideas for custom light shows using Light-O-Rama or DMX controllers
that will be presented to SGA/Student Life as it can be used for a holiday
display to generate funds and it can also be incorporated into choir
presentations, graduation, and sporting events.

Chad Hidalgo is going to talk with Media Services about recording the
presentations and having the presentations available to all students and
faculty/staff.

## Agenda for Next Meeting

 * Collect Annual Fees and issue receipts from those who have not already paid
 * Elections
 * Presentation from Pat Hawks on Github
 * Schedule next presentation topic and presenter

## Adjournment

Meeting was adjourned at 3:07 PM  by Chad Hidalgo. The next general meeting will
be at 1:00 PM on February 6, 2015, in B11.

Minutes submitted by: Diego Diaz

Approved by: Chad Hidalgo
