#### BAKERSFIELD COLLEGE

#### Computer Science Club

#### 1801 Panorama Drive, Business Building, Room 5

#### Bakersfield, California 93305
___

#### 9/16/2016	1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.	Business Room 5

### I.	CALL MEETING TO ORDER

### II.	ROLL CALL 

###### _(The Secretary & Treasurer will determine the number of paid, active members are present out of those on record. A majority quorum must be established to hold a bonafide meeting.)_

### III.	ADOPTION OF AGENDA

###### _(The Committee will discuss this agenda and may choose to amend or edit the agenda. Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the agenda.)_ 

### IV.	ADOPTION OF MINUTES

###### _(The Committee will discuss those minutes and may choose to amend or edit the minutes. Upon conclusion of the discussion the Committee must adopt the minutes.)_

*     A.	This Committee will consider the adoption of the minutes from 9/2/2016.

### V.	PUBLIC COMMENT 

###### _(The Chair will take public comment on any action items on this agenda. The time allowed for public comment shall not exceed five minutes. Speakers are limited to one minute.)_

### VI.	INDIVIDUAL REPORTS 

###### _(The Chair shall recognize any executive officer of the Association, including the Advisor(s), to offer a report on official activities since the previous meeting and make any summary announcements deemed necessary for no longer than five minutes.)_

* A.	Chair, President, Vananh Vo
* B.	ICC Representative, Alec Sherlock
* C.	Treasurer, Sarena Cerda
* D.	Advisor, Harold Mendoza and/or Richard Miles

### VII.	UNFINISHED BUSINESS

###### _(Items listed in this agenda item have already been read or discussed once and thus are considered for approval of the committee)_

* A.	Ordering club shirts
    - i.	Take orders for new members
    - ii.	ACTION: Vote for board members and advisors to have Polo Shirts
    
* B.	SoCal Code Camp OFFICIAL Sign up
    - i.	In order to proceed with planning and funding for this trip in November, sign-ups will be taken and closed.
    - ii.	ACTION: Vote between travel on Friday with two night hotel stay, or travel on early Saturday morning and one night hotel stay.
    
### VIII.	NEW BUSINESS 

###### _(Items listed in this agenda item have not already been read or discussed once and thus are considered for approval of the committee)_ 

* A.	ACTION: 1st reading of written amendment to CSC Constitution submitted via email dated 9/12/2016 by Chad Hidalgo
* B.	ACTION: Vote to fast track amendment resolution
* C.	ACTION: 2nd reading and vote to amend Constitution 
* D.	Presentation from Eddie Rangel regarding using Xamarin to build cross platform mobile apps  

### IX.	COMMENTS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

###### _(The Chair shall recognize in turn members requesting the floor for a period not to exceed three minutes.)_

### X. ADJOURNMENT

###### _(Reminder, if you have any ideas or suggestions for the next meeting that were not mentioned today, you may email us at bccompscislub@gmail.com before Monday of the week of the next meeting)_
___

###### Notes:

###### Listen in on the Conference Call: 1-(712) 770-4700   Participant passcode: 991468

###### Agendas are posted 72 hours before the meetings commences. Agendas are posted electronically at [aicsc.github.io](https://aicsc.github.io)

###### If you would like a copy of any of the agenda items listed, please email [bccompsciclub@gmail.com](mailto:bccompsciclub@gmail.com)
